{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Signal View Screenings \'97 Website Rebuild Brief\
\
## Business Overview\
**Company:** Signal View Screening Services (dba "Las Vegas Signal View Screenings")\
**Domain:** svscreenings.com\
**Industry:** Preventative healthcare / medical ultrasound screenings\
**Location:** Las Vegas, NV (operates at partner clinic: Frontline Medical Group, 3150 N Tenaya Wy Suite 400, Las Vegas, NV 89128)\
**Hours:** Saturdays 9am \'96 1pm\
**Phone:** 702.843.6612\
**Booking System:** Square Appointments (https://book.squareup.com/appointments/65hfsxzse0og5r/location/L0YY91RC4GBKX/services)\
\
## Goal of Rebuild\
Rebuild the svscreenings.com website from scratch to achieve higher customer conversion rates. The current site is a single-page Carrd site with significant layout/UX flaws that are likely losing potential customers. The new site must be professional, trustworthy, fast-loading, mobile-first, and optimized for converting visitors into booked appointments.\
\
---\
\
## Current Site Architecture (Carrd \'97 Single Page)\
The existing site is one continuous vertical scroll page with no navigation, no header, no footer, and no internal pages. All content lives in stacked container blocks. There are no subpages (no /about, /services, /faq, etc.).\
\
### Section Order (top to bottom):\
1. **Hero Section** \'97 Company name, logo, tagline, phone number\
2. **Image + Value Prop** \'97 Large circular image of a patient with ultrasound, headline about health\
3. **Sales Copy** \'97 "Preventative Ultrasound Screenings That Could Save Your Life" + paragraph\
4. **Divider**\
5. **"Screening Exams Available" heading**\
6. **Aorta Aneurysm Screening** (icon + description)\
7. **Carotid Artery Screening** (icon + description)\
8. **Echocardiogram** (icon + description)\
9. **Peripheral Artery Disease Screening** (icon + description)\
10. **DVT and Varicose Veins Screening** (icon + description)\
11. **Divider**\
12. **Location Info** \'97 Clinic name, address, hours, "Book Now" button\
13. **Divider**\
14. **Vascular Health Package** \'97 $99, includes 3 screenings, "Book Now $99" button\
15. **Heart Health Package** \'97 $75, echo screening, "Book Now $75" button\
16. **Leg Veins Screening** \'97 $50, venous ultrasound, "Book Now $50" button\
17. **Divider**\
18. **Contact Form** \'97 Name, Email, Comment, Message, Submit\
\
---\
\
## All Current Website Copy\
\
### Hero\
- **H1:** "Las Vegas Signal View Screenings"\
- **Tagline 1:** "Screenings for heart health, stroke prevention, and leg pain"\
- **Tagline 2:** "Empowering you to live longer, stronger, and healthier"\
- **CTA:** Phone number link (702.843.6612)\
\
### Value Proposition Section\
- **Headline:** "Your Health Is Worth Checking For You and Your Family"\
- **Sub-headline (H3):** "Preventative Ultrasound Screenings That Could Save Your Life"\
- **Body copy:** "We bring hospital-quality screenings straight to you in Las Vegas. Fast, affordable, and without the wait. Whether you're checking for stroke risk, heart health, or hidden aneurysms, our non-invasive ultrasounds help detect issues early, when treatment is most effective. No referrals. No stress. Just answers. Book your scan online in seconds and take control of your health today."\
\
### Screening Exams (5 services)\
\
#### 1. Aorta Aneurysm Screening\
- Ultrasound of the abdominal aorta.\
- "We evaluate your main artery for the silent killer of aneurysms which is a critical life emergency if ruptured."\
\
#### 2. Carotid Artery\
- Ultrasound of the carotid arteries of the neck.\
- "This is the brain's main supply of blood flow. We evaluate for plaque build up and blockages. This is the #1 screening for stroke prevention."\
\
#### 3. Echocardiogram\
- Ultrasound of the heart.\
- "We evaluate your heart health and how well the muscles are contracting and the strength of the heart valves."\
\
#### 4. Peripheral Artery Disease Screening\
- Ultrasound of the arteries in the legs.\
- "We evaluate for blockages, plaque, and blood flow restrictions that can cause leg pain, swelling, numbness and tingling."\
\
#### 5. DVT and Varicose Veins Screening\
- Ultrasound of the veins in the legs.\
- "We evaluate for causes of Blood clots, varicose veins, leg swelling, and leg pain"\
\
### Location\
- **Clinic:** Frontline Medical Group\
- **Address:** 3150 N Tenaya Wy Suite 400, Las Vegas, NV 89128\
- **Schedule:** Saturdays 9am - 1pm\
- **CTA:** "Book Now" \uc0\u8594  Square Appointments general page\
\
### Pricing Packages\
\
#### Vascular Health Package \'97 $99\
- Carotid Ultrasound\
- Arterial Ultrasound of Legs\
- Aorta Aneurysm Screening\
- **CTA:** "Book Now $99" \uc0\u8594  Square Appointments (specific service link)\
\
#### Heart Health Package \'97 $75\
- Echocardiogram Ultrasound Screening\
- Evaluation of heart function\
- **CTA:** "Book Now $75" \uc0\u8594  Square Appointments (specific service link)\
\
#### Leg Veins Screening \'97 $50\
- Venous Ultrasound to check for valve abnormalities\
- Great for varicose veins, leg pain and swelling\
- **CTA:** "Book Now $50" \uc0\u8594  Square Appointments (specific service link)\
\
### Contact Form\
Fields: Name, Email, Comment, Message, Submit button\
\
---\
\
## Current Design System\
\
### Colors\
- **Primary Background (containers):** `rgb(0, 77, 120)` \'97 dark navy/teal blue\
- **Page Background:** `#FFFFFF` \'97 white\
- **Text on dark bg:** `#FFFFFF` \'97 white\
- **Container borders:** `rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.35)` \'97 subtle white translucent border\
- **Button background:** `#FFFFFF` (white pill buttons on dark containers)\
- **Button text:** `#000000` (black)\
- **Accent/divider color:** dark teal (same as container bg)\
\
### Typography\
- **Font Family:** Lato, sans-serif (Google Font)\
- **H1 Size:** ~48px, weight 300 (light)\
- **H3 Size:** ~20px\
- **Body text:** ~16.5px\
- **Button text:** ~14.7px\
- **Body copy style:** italic on taglines, regular on descriptions\
\
### Shapes & Layout\
- **Container border radius:** ~30\'9637px (very rounded pill-shape corners)\
- **Button border radius:** ~37px (pill buttons)\
- **Image style:** Large circular crop (used for hero patient image)\
- **Small icons:** ~120x120px circular thumbnails next to screening descriptions\
- **Layout:** Single column, centered, max-width ~728px\
\
### Images Used\
All hosted at svscreenings.com/assets/images/:\
1. **image07.jpg** \'97 Signal View Ultrasound logo (419x419 circular)\
2. **image01.jpg** \'97 Main hero image: patient smiling with ultrasound machine (804x804 circular crop)\
3. **image06.jpg** \'97 Screening icon thumbnail (426x425)\
4. **image08.jpg** \'97 Screening icon thumbnail (426x425)\
5. **image02.jpg** \'97 Screening icon thumbnail (426x425)\
6. **image09.jpg** \'97 Screening icon thumbnail (426x425)\
7. **image03.jpg** \'97 Screening icon thumbnail (426x425)\
8. **card.jpg** \'97 Open Graph / social share card image\
\
### SEO / Meta\
- **Title:** "Signal View Screening Services"\
- **Meta Description:** "Ultrasound Screenings in Las Vegas"\
- **OG Title:** "Signal View Screening Services"\
- **OG Description:** "Ultrasound Screenings in Las Vegas"\
- **OG Image:** card.jpg\
- **Canonical:** https://svscreenings.com/\
\
---\
\
## Critical Flaws to Fix in Rebuild\
\
### 1. CATASTROPHIC LAYOUT BUG \'97 Desktop White Gap\
The Carrd site uses `display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center` on the `.site-wrapper`, which vertically centers all content in the viewport. Combined with a very tall page (4400px+) and a giant 800px circular image, this creates MASSIVE white gaps between sections on desktop. Users scrolling past the second section encounter hundreds of pixels of pure white emptiness before reaching any content. Most desktop users will assume the page is over and leave \'97 never seeing the screening descriptions, pricing, or booking buttons. This is likely the single biggest conversion killer.\
\
### 2. No Navigation\
There is no header, no nav bar, no anchor links, no way to jump to sections. On a very long single-page site, this means users must scroll endlessly. There is no sticky header with a "Book Now" CTA always visible.\
\
### 3. No Clear CTA Hierarchy\
The first CTA a user sees is a phone number. The "Book Now" buttons are buried far below the fold \'97 past the white gap, past all the screening descriptions, past the location info. By the time a user scrolls to pricing, they've already likely bounced. The booking action should be prominent and above the fold.\
\
### 4. Weak Social Proof / Trust Signals\
There are no testimonials, no reviews, no "trusted by X patients", no doctor credentials, no certifications, no insurance info, no before/after statistics. For a health service, trust is everything. The site has zero trust-building elements.\
\
### 5. Minimal SEO\
The meta description is only 5 words ("Ultrasound Screenings in Las Vegas"). There are no structured data / schema markup. No keyword optimization. No blog/content. Only one H1, only one H2. No local SEO optimization beyond the address text.\
\
### 6. No Urgency or Scarcity\
There's nothing compelling someone to book NOW vs later. No limited-time pricing, no "only X slots left this Saturday", no mention of why early detection matters with statistics.\
\
### 7. Image Sizes Not Optimized\
The hero image is 804x804 and displayed as a massive circle that dominates the entire viewport. The small icon thumbnails are 426x425 but displayed much smaller. Images lack proper alt text (all empty strings). No WebP format. No lazy loading.\
\
### 8. Poor Information Architecture\
The screening descriptions and pricing are separated by location info, creating a disjointed flow. Users read about screenings, then see a location, then see prices \'97 they can't easily compare what they're getting for their money while reading the screening descriptions.\
\
### 9. Form UX Issues\
The contact form has both "Comment" and "Message" fields \'97 redundant and confusing. The form has no phone number field despite being a phone-call-heavy business. No clear indication of what happens after submission.\
\
### 10. Mobile Responsiveness Issues\
While technically responsive, the Carrd site clips text at narrow widths (below ~480px) and the hero heading gets cut off. The massive circular image doesn't scale gracefully on small screens.\
\
### 11. No Footer\
No footer with business hours, address, phone, social links, or legal pages (privacy policy, terms).\
\
### 12. "Las Vegas" Repeated Redundantly\
The heading says "Las Vegas Signal View Screenings" \'97 the city name shouldn't be in the brand/heading; it should be in a location badge or subtext.\
\
---\
\
## Recommended New Site Structure\
\
### Pages\
1. **Home (/)** \'97 Hero with clear CTA, value props, screening overview cards (with prices), testimonials, FAQ accordion, location map, contact\
2. **Services (/services)** \'97 Detailed breakdown of each screening with medical context, who should get it, what to expect\
3. **Pricing (/pricing)** \'97 Clear package comparison table, individual a-la-carte pricing, "most popular" badge on Vascular Health Package\
4. **About (/about)** \'97 Company story, sonographer credentials, medical advisory, why preventative screening matters\
5. **Book Now (/book)** \'97 Embedded or linked Square scheduling, or a custom booking flow\
6. **Contact (/contact)** \'97 Form, phone, email, map, hours\
7. **FAQ (/faq)** \'97 Common questions about screenings, insurance, preparation, results\
\
### Key Conversion Elements to Add\
- Sticky header with "Book Now" button always visible\
- Hero section with clear value prop + CTA above the fold\
- Pricing cards visible on homepage (not buried)\
- Trust badges: "Board Certified", "Hospital-Quality Equipment", "X,XXX Screenings Performed"\
- Patient testimonials / Google review integration\
- "How It Works" 3-step section (Book \uc0\u8594  Show Up \u8594  Get Results)\
- Urgency elements: "Limited Saturday Availability" or "Next Available: [date]"\
- FAQ section addressing objections (Is it safe? Do I need a referral? How long does it take?)\
- Exit-intent popup with special offer or phone number\
- SMS/text booking option\
- Google Maps embed for the clinic location\
- Schema.org structured data for LocalBusiness + MedicalBusiness\
\
### Tech Stack Suggestions\
- **Framework:** Next.js or Astro (for speed + SEO)\
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS\
- **Booking Integration:** Square Appointments API or embedded iframe\
- **Forms:** React Hook Form with email notification (or integrate with existing Carrd form handler)\
- **Analytics:** Google Analytics 4 + Google Tag Manager + Meta Pixel\
- **Maps:** Google Maps embed or Mapbox\
- **Hosting:** Vercel or Netlify\
- **CMS (optional):** For blog posts / content marketing\
\
---\
\
## Design Direction for New Build\
\
### Keep From Current Site\
- The dark navy/teal blue color (`#004D78` or similar) \'97 it's medical and trustworthy\
- Lato font or similar clean sans-serif\
- White text on dark backgrounds\
- Rounded corners (but more subtle \'97 12-16px, not 37px)\
- Clean, minimal aesthetic\
\
### Change / Improve\
- Add a secondary accent color for CTAs (e.g., a warm orange `#F59E0B` or green `#10B981` for "Book Now" buttons to create contrast)\
- Use a proper grid system that works on all screen sizes\
- Replace the massive circle-cropped hero image with a professional full-width hero banner or a more contained image\
- Use proper iconography (medical icons from Lucide, Heroicons, or custom SVGs) instead of tiny photo thumbnails for screening types\
- Add gradient overlays on hero sections for text readability\
- Ensure contrast ratios meet WCAG AA standards\
- Use proper spacing scale (no more 800px white gaps)\
- Add subtle animations (fade-in on scroll) but make sure they work \'97 the current Carrd site appears to have broken scroll-triggered animations\
\
### Brand Assets Needed\
- Logo: The circular "Signal View Ultrasound" logo (currently image07.jpg) \'97 request an SVG version\
- Hero imagery: Professional photos of the screening process, equipment, clinic\
- Social proof: Patient testimonials, Google review screenshots, star ratings\
- Team photos: The sonographer(s) / medical staff\
\
---\
\
## Square Booking Integration\
All booking flows currently link to Square Appointments:\
- **General booking:** `https://book.squareup.com/appointments/65hfsxzse0og5r/location/L0YY91RC4GBKX/services`\
- **Vascular Health Package ($99):** `...services/NFKPOQ3TZNUTK3EXQMH7YDQ3`\
- **Heart Health Package ($75):** `...services/HCX6T2SKQJIWQJ5GI64CLPFC`\
- **Leg Veins Screening ($50):** `...services/PA57N7OOXL7Z3Y6QCFZBKTD6`\
\
These direct links should be preserved in the new build. Consider embedding the Square booking widget directly on the site to reduce friction (fewer redirects = higher conversion).\
\
---\
\
## Summary of Priorities (Ranked)\
\
1. **Fix the layout** \'97 Content must be visible and well-spaced on ALL screen sizes\
2. **CTA above the fold** \'97 "Book Your Screening" button must be visible immediately\
3. **Sticky navigation** \'97 Always-visible header with Book Now + Phone\
4. **Pricing visible early** \'97 Don't bury the packages below the fold\
5. **Add trust signals** \'97 Testimonials, credentials, statistics\
6. **Proper multi-page structure** \'97 Home, Services, Pricing, About, Contact, FAQ\
7. **SEO optimization** \'97 Rich meta tags, structured data, keyword-optimized content\
8. **Mobile-first responsive design** \'97 Flawless on phones (where most health searches happen)\
9. **Fast loading** \'97 Optimized images, minimal JS, <2s load time\
10. **Analytics & tracking** \'97 Know where visitors come from and where they drop off\
\
\
\
Mikes input\
https://g.page/r/CbQeS1Xa-WUYEBM/review\
Here\'92s google review page.}